
# PRE-MISSION: Reflect on past coding sessions and plan for the future.
GOAL: Understand what has and hasn't worked in past attempts to code more, and start thinking about long and short-term goals.

## HOMEWORK
1. Join [CodeNewbie Community](https://community.codenewbie.org/enter) if you haven't already. As you might already know, CodeNewbie Community is your dedicated spot to connect with other coders (and mentors!) and share your thoughts and learnings. It will be a super helpful resource for you throughout the challenge and beyond!
2. Share the news of your #CNC2022 participation on social media! If you have any social media profiles, we'd love to hear about your participation in #CNC2022! Let your network know that you're participating and don't forget to tag [@CodeNewbies](https://twitter.com/codenewbies) and #CNC2022. We'll look out for your messages and amplify them!
3. Get something to write on. Throughout the challenge, we'll ask you to take notes that are helpful to you, answer prompts, and reflect on what you're learning. We definitely recommend that you do this in one dedicated place! So, start a Google Doc, grab a blank notebook you love, or open up your favorite text editor, and write "Code More" at the top. This document is for you, so don't stress about making it pretty.
4. Determine what has worked. If your goal is to code more, then we assume you've coded in the past. Think about the times you've been happy with what you've coded — jot down three things that went well. Were you happy with how the project turned out? How consistently have you worked on it? How much have you learned? Next, jot down three reasons why that was a happy coding session. Was it your passion for the idea that got you through? Was it having a support system that helped you make time to code? Was it figuring out your learning style and finding great resources? Later in our challenge, we're going to revisit this list and see what we can replicate.
5. Determine what has NOT worked. What's a coding moment in the past that didn't turn out the way you hoped? Write down three things that you were unhappy about. Was what you built not as functional as you'd aspired it to be? Did you not spend as much time on it as you wanted? Next, write down three reasons why those unhappy things happened. Was it the wrong idea? Was the project too big? Were you missing the tools and resources you needed to make it work? Later in the challenge, we'll revisit this list to see what we can avoid doing for your future coding session.
6. What are your long-term goals? Now let's talk about the future. Your goal is to code more, but what does that look like for you? Write down what you hope to accomplish in 6-12 months (we'll call that long-term for the purposes of this exercise). Write down your thoughts.
7. What are your short-term goals? We want to help you create healthy coding habits so you can code more on a regular basis. Since this challenge is about 5 weeks long, let's focus on goals you can achieve in that timeframe. What do you hope to accomplish by the end of this challenge? How does it relate to your long-term goals in Question 4? Write down your thoughts.
8. Introduce yourself and share your thoughts on CodeNewbie Community. Once you've completed the steps above, head over to the [welcome thread](https://community.codenewbie.org/codenewbie/cnc2022-cohort-1-code-more-welcome-thread-2eke)  for this challenge, introduce yourself to your cohort, and respond to the prompts in the post in one comment. After you share your comment, respond to a few other people if anything resonated with you. Be sure to follow one another on CodeNewbie Community! Get used to this format, because each Mission throughout the #CNC2022 will have an associated discussion prompt