
# Mission 1  Goals, Assumptions, Risks
**Goal**  Determine your goals, identify your assumptions, and minimize your risks
Welcome to your first official #CNC2022 Mission! We hope you're just as excited as we are to take on the Code More challenge. If you have any questions or concerns, drop them in the help thread for this challenge.

Good luck!
 
 ## Homework 
 
Open up the blank document you started in the pre-work section and answer the questions about your coding purpose, goals, and assumptions. Then, respond to this week's discussion thread.
 
 Instructions 

Read the information below. Then copy and paste the questions in the "Questions" section and use the reading to guide your answers. 

 ## READ 

1. ### Why do you want to code more?
Are you looking for a job? Creating a cool side project? Eager to learn a new skill/technology? Something else? Establish your motivation, your "north star" to help guide and inform you for the rest of your challenge. Write this in your worksheet copy. 

2. ### How will you know when you've reached your goal?
What does success look like? How can you measure it? Will you have something visual that you can post online? Will you have completed a certain number of hours of studying? Or finish a set of tutorials? Be as specific as possible. Write down your answers in your worksheet copy.
 
3. ### What are your assumptions about being able to reach this goal?
Think about the other variables that affect your ability to code more. What needs to happen to help you reach your goal? Are you assuming you will have enough time? Enough interest? Enough resources to get started? Are you assuming that you have the discipline to stick with it? The passion to get through the hard parts? Write down at least 3 assumptions in your worksheet copy.

4. ### What's your riskiest assumption?
Now that you've listed your assumptions, which one is the riskiest? By that, I mean, which is the assumption you're most unsure of? If you assume you have enough time, but in the past, you've always felt like you were out of time, then "having enough time" might be your riskiest assumption. If you assume that you'll have enough passion to get through the hard parts, but in the past, you've always quit when things got hard, then "getting through the hard parts" might be your riskiest assumption. Write down your riskiest assumption in your worksheet copy.
 
5. ### What's the root of your riskiest assumption?
Looking at your selected riskiest assumption, what's its cause? If your riskiest assumption is "having enough time," what makes that assumption so risky? Is it that you're working full-time and going to school while also trying to code more? Is it that you have others you need to care for on a daily basis, and it's hard to find time to code more consistently? Is it that "having enough time" relies on you waking up at 6 AM, and you're not much of a morning person? If your riskiest assumption is "getting through the hard parts," is it because you don't have enough people to turn to for help? Is it because you tend to internalize failure (— if so, please keep in mind that ALL software developers suffer from impostors syndrome at times. Be gentle with yourself). Let's find some possible root causes for that risk. Write those in your worksheet copy.
 
 6. ###  What are 3 ways to address the root of your riskiest assumption and make it less risky?
Now that you have some ideas of where that risk is coming from, what changes can you make to de-risk that assumption? If "having enough time" means waking up at 6 AM, but you know you're not a morning person, is there anything we can do to push that start time a bit later? Can we move around your schedule so you can stay up later instead? Would having coffee ready in the morning or starting your day with yoga help? If your riskiest assumption is "getting through the hard parts" and the root cause is that you tend to internalize your failures, then you might want to come up with healthier ways to deal with failure. Are there inspirational articles you can refer to when you're having a hard time? Can you set up a weekly meeting with an accountability buddy? If you don't have one, now's a good time to get one — reach out to other challenge participants you see in the weekly threads! You can DM one another directly on CodeNewbie just by following one another). Once you have a buddy, can you allocate time to talk about your wins of the week so you can acknowledge the things that are going well? Jot down your strategies in your worksheet copy.

 ### QUESTIONS 

    I want to code more because: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________.
     

    I know I'll have reached my "code more" goal when: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________.
     

    My top three assumptions for reaching my goal are:

        ________________________________________________________________

        ________________________________________________________________

        ________________________________________________________________
         

    Of these assumptions, my riskiest is ________________________________________
     

    When I think about my riskiest assumption, three possible root causes are: 

        ________________________________________________________________

        ________________________________________________________________

        ________________________________________________________________

 

    3 ways I might address these root causes are:

        ________________________________________________________________

        ________________________________________________________________

        ________________________________________________________________
         

    Of these, the biggest cause that's worth tackling first is __________________________.

 

Important note: The process of answering these questions can trigger lots of emotions. Let's face it, we all have perfectly good reasons we're not working towards our dearest goals every second of the day! That's ok, and you are FAR from a failure if you haven't quite reached your coding goals in the past. Make sure you are checking in with yourself and giving yourself grace. Learning to code is a marathon, not a sprint, and coders of all levels experience self-doubt at times. The important thing is that you're trying. ❤️


 PRO TIP 

    Looking for a project to work on? Starting with a blank code editor can be daunting, so don't start from zero! Remix a project on Glitch, or fork a repo on GitHub, and tweak an existing, working app.

 Turn In Your Homework 
 
Tell us why you want to "Code More" in this discussion thread. If you feel up to it, post some of your assumptions and root causes, too. Maybe someone in the group can help you come up with solutions to try! After you've posted your own comment, scan for others and weigh in with a friendly response if it feels helpful. 
 Bonus Reading/Listening 

    5 Tips to work on your side project while working full-time.
    Building Habits To Be Healthier Developers
    Sleep More, Code More
    CodeNewbie Podcast, S18E2 — S18:E2 - What are some essential skills you'll need to be successful on your coding journey (Fernando Doglio)
    DevDiscuss S2E1 — How to Build Good Habits and be More Productive

 Self-Care Corner 
 
Even though you're focusing on an exciting and time-consuming challenge right now, don't forget to do something you love that's NOT related to coding every day! This will help your brain unwind after a long coding session, settle any nerves you have, AND has the added benefit of making you better at coding anyway! For more information on how non-coding hobbies can make you a better developer, don't miss this episode of the DevDiscuss podcast ❤️ 
 Next Up 
 
In your next mission, we're going to design a roadmap and schedule for your Code More goal. We'll use the answers from this mission's questions to inform that plan. 

Happy coding!

CodeNewbie team
(@CodeNewbies | #CNC2022)
You are receiving this email because you signed up for #CNC2022. Let's do this!