- [Homework](#homework)
- [Instructions](#instructions)
	- [1 -  Break down your challenge goal into weekly goals](#1----break-down-your-challenge-goal-into-weekly-goals)
	- [2 -  Create a master task list](#2----create-a-master-task-list)
	- [3 -  Turn those tasks into a schedule](#3----turn-those-tasks-into-a-schedule)
	- [4 -  Plan your first work session](#4----plan-your-first-work-session)
	- [5 -  Work Session 1](#5----work-session-1)
	- [6 -  Work Session 2](#6----work-session-2)
	- [7 -  Review your log](#7----review-your-log)
		- [PRO TIP](#pro-tip)
			- [Head over to CodeNewbie Community](#head-over-to-codenewbie-community)
			- [Join DEV Community](#join-dev-community)
			- [Search Meetup.com](#search-meetupcom)
		- [Code More Session Log](#code-more-session-log)
## Homework 
 
Create a master task list in a personal GitHub repo, Trello, or another planning tool of your choice, and plan two work sessions for this week. Then get to work and reflect!
 
## Instructions 

Last mission, we talked about your goals and what you hope to accomplish by the end of this challenge. In this mission, we'll get more specific.

### 1 -  Break down your challenge goal into weekly goals 
Set weekly goals throughout the duration of this challenge. These goals are not set in stone but are what you hope to accomplish. Once you start working, you'll likely have to adjust those goals. And that's ok!

### 2 -  Create a master task list 
Use your planning tool to turn your goals for the next few weeks into master tasks. Master tasks are the tasks that you need to complete at some point to reach your goal. Think of it as your master list of tasks. It's not a daily task list, it's a running list of tasks with varying levels of priority and urgency.

Assign each task a time estimate. Here are some guidelines:

The smaller the better Try to get these tasks to be as small as possible, ideally something you can finish in one sitting. If your time estimate for a task is more than an hour or two, consider breaking it down further. If your task doesn't have a specific outcome (ideally a measurable one), consider refining it and making it more specific.
	
Identify hidden sub-tasks, chores, and prerequisites. For example, do you have a workspace set up? Do you have the tools and software that you need already assembled and prepared? If those tools require any installation, your first task might need to be "Install XYZ tool". Installation and setup can be a time suck, so it's ok if you budget one hour and end up needing more time. What about prerequisites? If using a tool means you need to first read about it, find some blog posts, or review the documentation, make time for that. Budget at least one hour for research before diving into using a new tool. And if the tool ends up being more complicated and you need more time, that's ok! On the other hand, you might have a personal prerequisite. To get in the right mindset, maybe you need to make that perfect cup of coffee or take 15 minutes to stretch and set up your space. Make time for that too! For this first week, don't be stingy with your time. Give yourself time and space for those hidden tasks.
     

### 3 -  Turn those tasks into a schedule 
Let's put these tasks on a calendar. You might use an online calendar, a physical planner, or use that GitHub/Trello board to assign due dates for yourself over the next two weeks. Based on those due dates, work backward to block off time to actually complete those tasks. We'll call each blocked-off time a "work session."

Try to schedule at least two different work sessions this week. Use your responses to last week's worksheet to inform this schedule. Are there days of the week or times in the day that you work best? Are there routines or strategies that help you focus? You won't know what works without some experimentation, so use this week to test what works for you, and we'll iterate from there.

### 4 -  Plan your first work session
Look at your master task list and review your time estimates and priorities. Determine how many of those items you can do in your first scheduled work session. Make a work session task list. When it's time for your first work session, you'll start with this.

### 5 -  Work Session 1
Your first work session is here! Look at your work session task list and begin tackling your first task. At the end of the work session, make a copy of the Code More Session Log (below) to review and reflect. How did it go? What worked, and what didn't work? What do you want to try differently in your next session? How much of your session task list did you get through? Which tasks took longer than you expected? Use this information to plan your second work session. Update your master task list as needed, and make a new work session task list. Remember, the log is just for you. No need to share unless you truly want to.

### 6 -  Work Session 2
It's time for your second work session! Pull out your work session task list and start at the top. At the end of the work session, use your copy of the Code More Session Log to review and reflect. How did it go? What worked, and what didn't work? What do you want to try differently in your next session? How much of your session task list did you get through? Which tasks took longer than you expected? Use this information to plan your third work session. Update your master task list as needed, and make a new work session task list.
 
### 7 -  Review your log
At the end of this mission, take a look at all of your work sessions and reflect. What kind of tasks did you do? Most tasks can be abstracted into a handful of categories: research, communication, coding new features, coding familiar features, installation, etc. Looking at the tasks you completed this week, what are your categories? Do you find certain categories easier to work through than others? Were some easier to estimate in terms of time than others? What categories do you want to improve on next week, in terms of time and focus? How might you do that? Make a copy of the "Coding Reflection Questions" (section below) and use it to reflect on the week and start planning for next week. This document is for your own personal reflection.

#### PRO TIP
Now that you're moving deeper into your coding project, you're likely going to have days when you hit a wall — this is when something doesn't work, you run out of ideas, or you deflate. Don't let yourself get permanently discouraged. It happens to all of us! Make a list of resources you'll use to get unstuck. When this happens, be sure to turn to a community resource that works for you (that's where that buddy we mentioned last week comes in handy!). 

Here are a few things you can try to get un-stuck...

##### Head over to CodeNewbie Community 
We know we're a bit biased, but CodeNewbie Community is a great resource whether you want to meet people who are in the same boat as you, you'd like to find an episode of the CodeNewbie podcast for some inspiration, or you have a burning question (hint: use the #help tag!)

##### Join DEV Community 
You've probably come across DEV from some of the resources we've already linked to, but if not, explore DEV when you get a chance! DEV is structured similarly to CodeNewbie (which are both part of the Forem ecosystem,) but unlike CodeNewbiw, DEV caters to all levels — not just newbies! It's a great place to turn if you'd like to bounce questions or ideas off of more experienced developers (write a discussion post using the tag #discuss), find a new challenge (browse the #challenge tag), or share your ideas with a wider audience. Join today!

##### Search Meetup.com 
Look for "tech", "coding" and "programming" to find other circles of support near you. "Coffee and code" meetups are generally pretty mellow and newbie-friendly. Although lots of these meetups are temporarily on hiatus due to the pandemic, many have transformed into online meetups. Enjoy!

 
#### Code More Session Log 

Make a copy of the template below and then paste it into your personal notes doc to log your work sessions. You'll use this information to gather data and see what works. Fill in the "status" section with one of the following: C (complete), IP (in progress), HS (haven't started), RL (revisit later). RL means that you've intentionally not started that task and you're not sure if you'll keep it in your task list.
 
 - [Session template](./_temp-session.md)
