
# Reflection questions

### MISSION #2

1. _What are the **categories** of work you're doing? Most of your tasks will likely fall into a handful of categories, like: research, communication, coding new features, coding familiar features, installation. What categories showed up in this mission?_
   - Categories: research, studying and some testing.
  <br>
2. _**Time estimates by category**. Look at your time estimates per category. Are there any categories that you estimated accurately in this mission? Are there any that were completely off? If so, what do you think contributed to the time difference?_
   - Accurately estimated some studying tasks on reading while others were completely off; some required much more time than expected like testing features and researching new/related concepts. Furthermore I thought I'd have more time than I really ended up having.
   <br>
3. _**How well did the schedule work?** Assuming you had at least two work sessions as part of this mission, how did your proposed schedule work out? Do those times of the day, or days of the week, work well for you in the future? Do you want to try a different schedule?_
	- I set due dates for all tasks because I can't have a fixed schedule (self-employed/contractor work + home tasks); my current approach is to dedicate almost all time left to this. I'd like to try differently but I don't see how I could do that.
   <br>
4. _How was your **work environment**? What worked about your environment? Were you comfortable? Distracted? Tired? Focused? Anything you might do differently to create a more productive work environment for your next session?_
   - I've been tired and distracted on many occasions but the pomodoro technique helped relieving some stress and muscle toughness. Also noted that I have to choose correctly the background music (if any) as some help concentrating while other would be more distracting.
   <br>
5. _**Goal adjustment**. Now that you've finished your first mission, did you reach your goals? Do you need to make adjustments for the next? What about due dates? It's ok if goal posts move or you need to redefine your expectations. Take a moment to reflect._
   - I mostly didn't, I'll make adjustments for further weeks on both tasks and due dates.
   <br>
6. _**How did the coding go?** This challenge is all about coding more, so how did that go? Was there anything that got you particularly stuck? Did you feel excited about this week's coding? Intimidated? Frustrated? Did you have the tools you needed, or do you need to take a moment and gather some resources? What might you do in the next mission to make your coding more productive?_
   - I managed mostly to study more rather than code more, I was stuck on new concepts and frustrated; it's hard to see any progress at this pace. I think I have to find the balance between patience and determination. 
   <br>
7. _**Other notes**. Anything else you want to capture about this mission?_
   - I hope this challenge really helps in the end, its taking more of my time too!! :)