# Mission \#3  Iteration nation
**Goal:  Improve your project tracker** 
 
The last mission was all about organizing your goals and tasks and creating a process. In this mission, you're going to iterate on that plan by using your reflection questions (from the previous mission) to improve your process and find one that works best for you.
 
## Instructions 

- 1. _**Review your notes** from your responses to the reflection questions from your last mission. Now that you're starting a fresh new mission, how do you feel about your next work session? Any additional ideas or reflections you want to jot down? What do you plan on doing in this week's work session? Jot down any additional thoughts._

  - I feel overwhelmed; I have a lot to do and not enough time, I'm completing this mission on Sunday so my sessions will be this afternoon and not very long.
	<br>

- 2. _**Update your tools and processes** for this week. Use your notes to guide your upcoming work sessions. Should you re-organize your master task list? Do you need to find a different place to work? Do you need a new time of day to work? Do you want to try keeping track of your progress in a different way? Make the necessary changes._
  - I think my processes and tools are good enough. If I need to track or take notes I know where to.
  <br>

- 3. _**Schedule two work sessions** for the next seven days. Look at your calendar and block off two more work sessions. Review your work session task list, so you can get right to work when it's time._
  - Sunday's afternoon is all I have left.
	<br>

- 4. _**Get to work** 
Pull out your work session task list and start at the top. At the end of the work session, use your copy of the "Session Log" from the last mission to review and reflect. Use this information to plan your fourth work session. Update your master task list as needed, and make a new work session task list._

- 5. _**Review your mission**
At the end of the mission, take a look at all of your work sessions and reflect. Jot down your thoughts in response to those reflection questions from the last mission._
 
## PRO TIPS

#### Consider adding more learning support systems.
Think about your environment and learning resources. For example, do you process ideas well out loud? Or on a whiteboard? If you're working in a cafe or library, do you struggle to get there? Do you need to be more strategic about getting organized and heading out the door? You could pack up your gear the night before. Do you need an accountability buddy to keep you motivated? Try new approaches. It's okay if things don't work out as planned on the first try. The important thing is to keep trying and keep iterating.

#### Change your schedule to fit your mood.
We all have varying energy levels throughout the day. That's okay. Look for openings when you feel good. Build a habit. For example, are you a completionist? Are you in a good mindset for coding after dinner has been cleared and the dishes are on the drying rack? Find those moments when you're in the right headspace to code, and take advantage of them.

#### Change your schedule to reduce disruption.
Do your daily responsibilities tend to grow, and grow, and eat up all of your free time? Maybe you'd be more productive first thing in the morning. Could you claim some time for yourself before other people expect you to be available? If you can, find pockets of time throughout the week and use them to code.
