# Mission \#4  Big picture
Goal: Take a step back and revisit your goals.

## Homework 
 
In the last mission, we looked at scheduling optimization (the tactics, the "how"). This time, it's time to reflect on your goals (the big-picture — your "why"). Write down your answers to the questions in the "Big P\picture" section below. Adjust your goals as needed.
 
## Instructions 

### 1  Copy the questions below and paste + respond to them in your personal notes doc

##### Goal Reflections

- _Do you feel like you are making progress toward your long-term goals? Why or why not?_
  - Very little, though I'm getting better at managing my time and prioritizing coding, some happenings at home are going to take most of my time, at least for some months.
	
- _Are you still excited about your goals? Look at your activities so far. Look at the goals you wrote down in week one. How do you feel? If you're not excited about this goal anymore, what's missing?_
  - I'm not excited. I'm eager to learn and make progress but not excited. Most of my next targets focus more on learning fundamentals and getting a good basis rather than enjoyable projects (though I hope I'll to make the most of it too).

##### Adjustments 

- _Have you found a time of the week that's best for you? Is your schedule feeling good? Is it something you can stick to for the next few weeks? Do you need to find a better time of the week? Make any necessary adjustments._
  - I usually have more time towards the end of the week because I can cram most of my regular job tasks at the beginning. In any case, I think I have to allocate specific hours so I don't get lost on other chores and work without coding at least a bit every day.
	
- _Have you uncovered additional hidden tasks? What are they? How much time did they add? Now take those sneaky hidden tasks and give them their own slots in your project tracker tool. How have they impacted your goals?_
  - Not many but enough to be noticeable. I'll try to allocate them in batch so they don't come and bite later on. On the other hand, I find pomodoro breaks helpful to do some short chores and a bit of exercise so they might be "sneaky" but also helpful.
	
- _Do you need to make changes to the scope of your project, or rework your timeline? Now that it's been a few weeks, those the scope still make sense? Is the timeline still doable? It's ok to make changes with new information. Be honest, and make changes as necessary._
  - Yes, as some important things came up on my personal life, I'll have to get by with whatever time I have left after taking care of them.

### 2  Incorporate those changes and reflections in this mission's work sessions.

### 3  Review your week
At the end of the week, take a look at all of your work sessions and reflect. Jot down your thoughts using the same "Coding reflection questions" from the Mission 2 email.

