
# Reflection questions

### MISSION #4

1. _What are the **categories** of work you're doing? Most of your tasks will likely fall into a handful of categories, like: research, communication, coding new features, coding familiar features, installation. What categories showed up in this mission?_
   - Categories: research, studying and some config.
  <br>
2. _**Time estimates by category**. Look at your time estimates per category. Are there any categories that you estimated accurately in this mission? Are there any that were completely off? If so, what do you think contributed to the time difference?_
   - I thought I'd have more time than I really ended up having, some important things at home are taking most of it.
   <br>
3. _**How well did the schedule work?** Assuming you had at least two work sessions as part of this mission, how did your proposed schedule work out? Do those times of the day, or days of the week, work well for you in the future? Do you want to try a different schedule?_
	- No change on this aspect; I'm dedicating as much time to this as possible.
   <br>
4. _How was your **work environment**? What worked about your environment? Were you comfortable? Distracted? Tired? Focused? Anything you might do differently to create a more productive work environment for your next session?_
   - Still getting better time managing using the pomodoro technique, might need to adjust timings/breaks.
   <br>
5. _**Goal adjustment**. Now that you've finished your this mission, did you reach your goals? Do you need to make adjustments for the next? What about due dates? It's ok if goal posts move or you need to redefine your expectations. Take a moment to reflect._
   - I need to postpone everything I couldn't do this week again.
   <br>
6. _**How did the coding go?** This challenge is all about coding more, so how did that go? Was there anything that got you particularly stuck? Did you feel excited about this week's coding? Intimidated? Frustrated? Did you have the tools you needed, or do you need to take a moment and gather some resources? What might you do in the next mission to make your coding more productive?_
   - Mostly felt frustrated as I didn't have almost any time to code. Some studying, configuring and reviewing JS concepts but not much coding on my part.
   <br>
7. _**Other notes**. Anything else you want to capture about this mission?_
   - I feel this challenge would be more helpful if I had the same time available as when I started; things in life don't wait to happen...I think I'll try restarting this challenge later on, when those are more stable than now.