# Mission \#5  Make it a habit & reflect
###Goal
  Turn your past few weeks of coding more into a new habit and then reflect on your entire #CNC2022 experience.

###Homework 

Congratulations, you made it! You've been coding for over a month and improving your process as you go. This email series is coming to a close, but we've got some tools to help you keep coding regularly.

For your last mission, complete the reading below, then create and publish your final reflection post. Finally, fill out the completion form to receive a free sticker pack, CodeNewbie Community profile badge, and be entered into our raffle for a mystery tech prize 🤩 

### Reading 

This challenge was made of four key steps:

1. **Goals, Assumptions, Risks (GAR)**: Determine where you want to go and the realities of that destination.
  
1. **Tasks and schedules**: Turn those big goals into actionable pieces and get to work!
  
1. **Iteration**: Reflect on what you've done, and make the next coding session even more productive.
  
1. **Big picture**: Go back to those goals and make sure you're still on the right track.


This framework is based on the idea that in order to make long-term progress on your goals, you need to do two things: 1) Revisit your goals regularly, and 2) Iterate on your plan often.

Let's unpack each one:
 
1. **Revisit your goals regularly**: When we're working on a big goal, it's easy to get lost in the weeds and forget why we set that goal in the first place. We'll inevitably find new ideas and interesting projects as we work, and go down a few rabbit holes. So it's important to be clear about our big goals and revisit them often. Work on tasks and get things done, but every few weeks (maybe even every week!), step back and ask yourself, "Is what I'm doing still helping me reach my goals?" Spend most of your time in the trees, but look up at the forest regularly. And if you find yourself in the wrong forest, it's time to move.

2. **Iterate on your plan often**: A static plan is useless. Your needs will change, your resources will change, your life will change. Every iteration of your plan is a guess on what you think will work. Putting that plan to action and taking time to reflect helps you understand whether or not it actually worked. And if it didn't, you have a new week to do better, to try something else. If we look at our plans as permanent works in progress, we've given ourselves permission to experiment, to learn, and to improve. Iterate on your coding plan often, and watch yourself grow.

### Final reflection post 

Based on this four-step framework, and what you've learned over the past few weeks, how will you make coding more a regular part of your life? Use this template to reflect and share your takeaways from #CNC2022.

Once you've published your final reflection post, add it to the final thread for this challenge!