[Post on CodeNewbie](https://community.codenewbie.org/adrianskar/cnc2022-code-more-journey-reflection-not-very-productive-but-insightful-48dc)
### **Name:** Adrian
### **Title:** Freelancer and front-end newbie
### **#CNC2022 cohort:** Code more
### **Code More goal:** Establish a regular/daily coding habit, aiming to get a job after completing the 301DaysOfCode by the end of this year.

### Introduction

I'm Adrian, a self-taught (as most of us I guess) newbie. I enjoy creating things and solving problems but my main goal is to get a job in the field. I've completed several courses and certifications but I need more practical experience and I expected to build a stronger coding habit with this challenge.

[Comment on mission's post](https://community.codenewbie.org/adrianskar/comment/8jp)

---
### Mission 1
During mission 1 we established some basics regarding the why and the how in relation to the challenge. 
My main motivation for this is building a habit and getting a job assuming I'd have enough time, energy and motivation, the riskiest being having enough time.
To help address them I tried to optimize my other tasks and rely more on others when necessary.

[Comment on mission's post](https://community.codenewbie.org/adrianskar/comment/951)

---
### Mission 2

In mission 2 we broke down our goals into tasks and a schedule and planned for work sessions.

I already used an online tool to manage my tasks/work so I just implemented the challenge tasks into it. I set due dates rather than a schedule as I can't currently block specific hours to it.

I started using the pomodoro technique and found it very helpful. I also tried to prioritize tasks as to avoid letting non-essential ones take up my time.
Some personal issues left me with little time for the challenge but I managed to do something every day.

[Comment on mission's post](https://community.codenewbie.org/adrianskar/comment/9ne)

---
### Mission 3

During mission 3 we reviewed and iterated over our tasks and work sessions.
Keeping up with the pomodoro technique somewhat helped me keeping a healthy approach to more/new tasks. Though I spent more time researching than coding, I managed to complete some tasks. Some unexpected happenings kept me from reaching my goals so I had to postpone several tasks.

[Comment on mission's post](https://community.codenewbie.org/adrianskar/comment/a30)

---
### Mission 4

Mission 4 was about reflecting and reviewing goals. 
I felt I was making very little progress as I had much less time than I expected. I was still eager to learn but also frustrated. The idea of allocating specific hours for coding came to mind but most of my job and personal tasks come when they come and make that possibility a real challenge.
I needed to adjust goals again but learned about the experience, especially about keeping the habit even if I only had 15 minutes.

[Comment on mission's post](https://community.codenewbie.org/adrianskar/comment/a7b)

---
### Sticking to it

I have a task for it on my daily schedule so I don't have the chance to forget about it on really busy days and I'll keep testing the pomodoro technique and try to adjust its times/breaks to my own workflow.

---
### Biggest challenges

The biggest challenge for me was building the habit (still on it) even on days when you don't thing you have the time for it. Even 5 minutes can be enough to keep you on track and avoid loosing momentum. 
My advice would be to keep going no matter what but try to do it, if you can, at the beginning of your work schedule so things that come later won't have the chance to eat that time.

---
### Highlights and reflections

I've noticed that this challenge really makes you think about what you are doing with your time, feel your real progress and reflect on what you are/are not accomplishing. Its like a new pair of lenses when you need them; you really didn't realize how limited your vision was before.
I plan to repeat it in the future and try to reflect and review my own progress more. 
I've also met nice people (even though none of us have much time to spare),shout out to @anavela and @bredmond1019!

---
### What's next for me
I'll keep building this habit and learning about everything but specially about how to learn, how to build a healthy and productive career and, hopefully, some nice 'codemates' to share it with. 

---
**Side note:**
Shared my posts in links instead of embeds because I got a `base: Embed URL not valid` error whe posting.